[Alerting V2][Serverless & 9.5][M2] Rule feature changes from May 2026 (#6687)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/alerting/kibana-alerting-experimental/rules/yaml-rule-schema-reference.md

  serverless: experimental
products:
  - id: kibana

> description: "Complete field reference for YAML rule definitions in the {{alerting-v2-system}}: required fields, metadata, schedule, grouping, state transitions, no-data handling, and duration format."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Complete field reference for YAML rule definitions in the experimental alerting system."
```
